README.md, before:

# MobileBattleship
Hello!   
This is our groups mobile edition of the classic Battleship game!  
Note that this game will play best in the resolution 1080x2280, please switch your device to that before playing.  
Here's a link to documentation on how to play battleship:  
https://www.hasbro.com/common/instruct/Battleship.PDF  
Thanks for visiting!


**How to Build & Run Game From Github Code:**  
**To Open Code**
  1. Git clone https://github.com/Codyd2k1/MobileBattleship.git  
  2. Open Unity Hub (If you don't have Unity Hub, Install by following https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/GettingStartedInstallingHub.html )  
  3. In Unity Hub, select "Open", navigate to the folder you cloned our project into, and select the base "2D Mobile Battleship" folder from the clone.  
  4. Once the project appears, download the required editor version.  
  5. Open the project by double clicking on the project in unity hub.  
  **_You made it! Congrats!_**  
**To run in Editor:**  
  1. Select the triangle Play button at the top of the screen.  
**To Build in Editor**  
  1. Select the Top Left option "File"  
  2. Now press "Build and Run" with your android device connected. If you wish to run the game on windows instead of android, select "Build Settings", "PC, Mac & Linux     Standalone", then "Switch Platform" and "Build & Run".

Commit message:

Add References to Avoid Copyright or Plagiarism

README.md, after:

# MobileBattleship
Hello!   
This is our groups mobile edition of the classic Battleship game!  
Note that this game will play best in the resolution 1080x2280, please switch your device to that before playing.  
Here's a link to documentation on how to play battleship:  
https://www.hasbro.com/common/instruct/Battleship.PDF  
Thanks for visiting!


**How to Build & Run Game From Github Code:**  
**To Open Code**
  1. Git clone https://github.com/Codyd2k1/MobileBattleship.git  
  2. Open Unity Hub (If you don't have Unity Hub, Install by following https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/GettingStartedInstallingHub.html )  
  3. In Unity Hub, select "Open", navigate to the folder you cloned our project into, and select the base "2D Mobile Battleship" folder from the clone.  
  4. Once the project appears, download the required editor version.  
  5. Open the project by double clicking on the project in unity hub.  
  **_You made it! Congrats!_**  
**To run in Editor:**  
  1. Select the triangle Play button at the top of the screen.  
**To Build in Editor**  
  1. Select the Top Left option "File"  
  2. Now press "Build and Run" with your android device connected. If you wish to run the game on windows instead of android, select "Build Settings", "PC, Mac & Linux     Standalone", then "Switch Platform" and "Build & Run".  
    
**References to Source Used for UI Pack**  
To avoid any potential copyright strikes, here's a link to the free UI element pack we used in this game:  
https://craftpix.net/freebies/island-game-gui/
